tinsley we begin with a developing story
the daughter of a former Dallas Cowboy
was found murdered in her apartment
Dallas police say Charlene Norman the
daughter of Pettis Newman died from a
gunshot wound first on Fox music Albert
Collins is outside of her downtown
dallas apartment building with more
details Calvert well Clarice police are
not releasing a lot of information at
this point only calling this an active
murder investigation the DPL lofts where
shireen are sorry DP&L flats where she
lived does have surveillance cameras I'm
told and that footage is currently being
downloaded and will be turned over to
detectives as soon as it is available
Charlene Norman seen here in pictures
from facebook also went by the nickname
Shawn and was found Monday afternoon
just after five o'clock by police
officers conducting a health and welfare
check her family says they had not heard
from her in several days which was
unusual and they worried about her
safety her father Pettis Norman tried to
enter her building to get to her
apartment then called police when he
couldn't the 75 year old played tight
end for the Dallas Cowboys in the 60s
investigators would only confirm she
died from a gunshot wound but don't know
how she don't know when she died or how
long she had been there I'm told Charney
Norman worked for worked from home
running her family's hair product
company called liquid love she would
have turned 50 years old tomorrow I'm
told by her family that they celebrated
last week and are just absolutely
devastated learning the news of her
death and certainly want to hear from
detectives they don't have much to go on
at this point hoping that any clues will
lead them closer to an arrest Clarice
with respect to what they're working on
Calvin is there any information of leads
about a suspect
not at this point I've asked about any
kind of person of interest or potential
suspect that's why they're hoping to
look at that surveillance footage
hopefully showing that it will show a
person coming or going maybe who didn't
often or someone that was known I mean
really at this point they're looking at
all kinds of evidence detectives were
here all night last night going through
her apartment trying to gather any kind
of forensic evidence that might lead
them closer to a suspect that's
certainly what her family is hoping for
and homicide detectives working this
case Calvin Collins live in downtown
Dallas Calvert thank you